---
layout: page
title: "Seminars"
date: 2023-12-07 02:28:52 +0900
categories:
permalink: seminars
---

## Research meeting on Integrable Systems, Harmonic Maps and Surface Geometry

### December 18th 2023

Organized by Thomas Raujouan, funded by the JSPS.

#### Agenda:

- **15:00**: [Lynn Heller][lynn], Lawson surfaces and alternating multiple zeta values.

**Abstract**: We construct special minimal surfaces in the round 3-sphere — Lawson surfaces $$\xi_{1,g}$$—  using integrable systems methods. We give an algorithm to compute the Taylor series for the area of $$\xi_{1,g}$$, whose coefficients turn out to be alternating multiple zeta values, and show that this series converges for $$g\geq 3$$ with explicit error bounds. As a corollary we obtain that the area  of $$\xi_{1,g} $$ is strictly monotonically increasing in $$g$$ for every $$g\geq0$$. 

- **16:00**: Tadashi Udagawa, Solutions of the $$tt^*$$-equations constructed from the $$(\mathrm{SU}_2)_k$$-fusion ring, and Smyth potentials.

**Abstract**: Cecotti and Vafa introduced the $$tt*$$ equations (topological-antitopological fusion equations), whose solutions describe massive deformations of supersymmetric conformal field theories. As a special case, the $$tt*$$ equations include the sinh-Gordon equation, and more generally the $$tt*$$-Toda equations which were studied by Guest, Its and Lin. In this talk, we consider another series of examples. We construct a solution directly from a finite number of solutions to the radial sinh-Gordon equation. It involves the $$(\mathrm{SU}_2)_k$$-fusion algebra, an object which has a prominent role in conformal field theory. The idea of the construction is due to Cecotti and Vafa. We give a precise mathematical formulation and a description of the “holomorphic data” corresponding to the solutions by using the DPW method. 

#### Venue:
Building Z, Room B314, 
[Kobe University][kobe-u], 1, Rokkodaicho, Nada Ward, Kobe, Hyogo 657-0013.

#### Remarks:

Joint dinner will take place at [Fukube][fukube], 〒657-0037 Hyogo, Kobe, Nada Ward, Bingocho, 3 Chome−2−16 2F.

[lynn]:https://bimsa.net:10000/research/geometriewerkstatt2022/lynnheller.html
[fukube]:https://maps.app.goo.gl/aTyABDkr64No3hxx8
[kobe-u]:https://maps.app.goo.gl/wf946v53NQRFtxt19
[abstract-udagawa]:/assets/pdf/abstract-udagawa.pdf